At this point you should have
opened up your Arcgis Pro
project, named it something like
Hippogriff Project and be
looking at a page similar to
this.
Now we're going to add in our
Excel data and so to do that
we'll set up a folder connection
in the catalog pane here on the
right.
If you don't have your catalog
pane up, you just need to go
into the View tab
and click on where it says
Catalog Pane
and now we'll go into the
Catalog pane where it says
Folders, right click
and click Add Folder Connection.
In this window we're going to
navigate to our Materials folder
in our Hippogriff folder that we
created.
So find where this is
and once you can see your
materials folder, click on it
but don't go into it and click
OK
and now we can see our Materials
folder in our catalog pane
so we can expand this
and we'll see our Hippogriff
Excel workbook.
We can't add a whole Excel
workbook into our project,
so we'll need to expand this to
access the individual sheets.
So expand this
and it might take a while to
load. If it doesn't work and you
get a message like 'required
driver is not installed', you
need to download a specific
Microsoft engine driver. The
instructions for how to do this
will be below this video.
Once you can see your table
sheet,
you can click on it and drag it
across into your contents
and now it's in your contents.
We can open it up and have a
look at the data inside. So
right click on it and click
open.
The first column we have in our
table is the OID. This is the
object ID,
so we have a different number
for each row.
We have the unique key as well
and so these are the numbers of
the different GPS points. And
again, we have one for each row.
We have the date that the
sighting happened.
We have the longitude and
latitude of the sighting. So
where was it located?
And we have what type of
sighting it was.
And so some of the sightings
were from tracks, from
footprints, from remaining food
and so on.
And then these last columns,
Arcgis Pro has automatically put
them in and we don't need them,
so we can just click on all of
them and hide them. To do that,
just click on one of them,
hold down your control button
and click on the rest that we
don't need.
Now you can right click
and click hide field.